Clarified roles versus permissions usage (#3889)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/concepts/security-bundle/access-control.md

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} distinguishes read permissions and administration permissions. Read permissions enable users to read data. Administration permissions enable users to create, update and delete data. Read and administration permissions are separately available for the different types of data in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. For example, there are read permissions for inventory data, measurements, operations and so forth.

> To manage permissions more easily, they are grouped into roles. Every user can be associated with a number of roles, adding up permissions of the user.

Reviewer: adding up permission reads a bit clunky and I would try to stick to "assigning" roles as it is more actionable – just a suggestion to make it easier to read.

```suggestion
To manage permissions more easily, they are grouped into roles. When you assign one or more roles to a user, they gain the combined permissions of all these roles.
```
